Let every user disable New Stats (#23176)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

* [**] Fixed media uploads and the Media Library failing on Jetpack-connected self-hosted sites that have Application Passwords disabled.
* [*] Stats now refresh when you return to the screen, so your latest data appears without a manual pull-to-refresh. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android/pull/23112]
* [*] Links from emails that open outside the app now show a clear message when no browser is available, instead of closing the app.

> * [*] You can now switch back to the previous Stats screen at any time from the Stats overflow menu, and your choice is remembered.

Reviewer: Should we phrase this to communicate that the ability to opt-out may not always be available? 
```suggestion
* [*] Switching between the old and new Stats screen is available from the Stats overflow menu while we continue iterating on the new Stats design.
```
